Feat(eos_designs)!: Improve logic for BGP configuration of network services VRFs (#4358)
aristanetworks/ansible-avd: ansible_collections/arista/avd/docs/porting-guides/5.x.x.md

other VRFs; `<mlag_ibgp_peering_vrfs.base_vlan - default 3000> - 1 + <vrf_id>`.

The peer VLAN config can be retained by setting `mlag_ibgp_peering_vlan: 4093` under the VRF, by using `custom_structured_configuration` or by setting `underlay_routing_protocol` to something else than `none`.

### New improved logic for BGP configuration of network services VRFs

AVD versions below 5.0.0 did not generate BGP configuration for VRFs unless the node type included `evpn` or `mpls` under `default_address_families` *and* the
VRF had the same `evpn` or `mpls` defined under `address_families` (default is `['evpn']`).

AVD version 4.6.0 introduced the toggle `new_network_services_bgp_vrf_config: <bool; default=false>` to change this behavior by no longer requiring `evpn`
in the address-families, but instead it always configured BGP for all VRFs. This toggle has been removed in AVD 5.0.0 since this is now part of the default
behavior.

With AVD version 5.0.0, the logic of whether to configure BGP for a network services VRF has been improved with the following rules:

> - **New**: Honor the new optional `bgp.enabled` setting, to either always or never configure BGP for the VRF.

Author: ```suggestion
- **New**: Always/never configure BGP for the VRF according to the new optional `bgp.enabled` setting. This takes precedence over all other rules.
```
